docs: add deploy guide and link in production documentation (#746)
manytask/manytask: docs/production.md

## Deploy 

Then you need to set up manytask docker itself  

> > 📘 **See also:** [Deploy guide](./deploy_guide.md) — пошаговая инструкция по деплою на удалённый сервер с настройкой базы данных и Instance Admin. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 📘 **See also:** [Deploy guide](./deploy_guide.md) — a step-by-step instructions on how to deploy to remote server, including database and instance admin setup. 
```
